You said I was going to die today, didn't you, boy?
Don't think you can shoot down a weapon
The energy of my Sun family is not something you can mess with
The energy of the Sun family is nothing in front of me
I'll give you three seconds.
Kneel down again and apologize
I'll let you walk on one leg.
otherwise
You're in a wheelchair for the rest of your life
What are you?
Also worthy of making me kneel
It seems that you are not allowed to cry
Ah you always save me let go
You celebrate my birthday
Stop it now
Squat down and apologize
Believe it or not
I let the whole gold medal underground world squat for you
What I want to do
Even if the gods come, they can't stop them
Ah!
Well, you'll be in a wheelchair for the rest of your life
This devil my dad won't let you go
Stop talking about your dad
Even if the eighteenth generation of your ancestors came to me
I also let them turn into ashes and go back
You compliment me too much.
I'm going to call the instructor to kill you